Add support for 8 buttons to mouse report (#10807)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_pointing_device.md

* `mouseReport.y` - this is a signed int from -127 to 127 (not 128, this is defined in USB HID spec) representing movement (+ upward, - downward) on the y axis.
* `mouseReport.v` - this is a signed int from -127 to 127 (not 128, this is defined in USB HID spec) representing vertical scrolling (+ upward, - downward).
* `mouseReport.h` - this is a signed int from -127 to 127 (not 128, this is defined in USB HID spec) representing horizontal scrolling (+ right, - left).

> * `mouseReport.buttons` - this is a uint8_t in which the all 8 bits are used.  These bits represent the mouse button state - bit 3 is mouse button 5, and bit 7 is mouse button 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mouseReport.buttons` - this is a uint8_t in which all 8 bits are used.  These bits represent the mouse button state - bit 0 is mouse button 1, and bit 7 is mouse button 8.
```
